added release notes up to 10.17.0.161 (#225)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-17-0/devices-10-17-0.md

<td>Core</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>

> <td>In the SmartREST template editor, issues with the presentation of the <b>External ID type</b> field for Inventory POST messages have been fixed. Under <b>CSV preview</b> the generated "Template creation CSV" has been adjusted to include the ID/externalId/externalIdType values.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In the SmartREST template editor, issues with the presentation of the <b>External ID type</b> field for Inventory POST messages have been fixed. Under <b>CSV preview</b> the generated "Template creation CSV" has been adjusted to include the ID, externalId and externalIdType values.</td>
```

Author: I´m wondering if we have to use any highlighting if we use this format, like "ID", "externalId" and "externalIdType".

> <td>In the SmartREST template editor, issues with the presentation of the <b>External ID type</b> field for Inventory POST messages have been fixed. Under <b>CSV preview</b> the generated "Template creation CSV" has been adjusted to include the ID, externalId and externalIdType values.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
<td>In the SmartREST template editor, issues with the presentation of the <b>External ID type</b> field for Inventory POST messages have been fixed. Under <b>CSV preview</b> the generated "Template creation CSV" has been adjusted to include the "ID", "externalId" and "externalIdType" values.</td>
```

<td>DM-2093</td>
<td>10.17.0.159</td>
<td>UI</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Device Management</td>

> <td>In case of bad connectivity or network delay it could happen that a gateway device went to the state of being disconnected. This resulted in operation execution being suspended. This issue is now resolved.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>In case of bad connectivity or network delay gateway devices could go to a state where they disconnected. This resulted in operation execution being suspended. This issue is now resolved.</td>
```

Author: Something is missing now. "...where they were disconnected"? At least in the original sentence they do not disconnect themselves.
